====================================================
#asbroker: Automation Broker Community meeting 11/13
====================================================


Meeting started by jmrodri at 15:00:48 UTC. The full logs are available
at asbroker/2018/asbroker.2018-11-13-15.00.log.html .



Meeting summary
---------------
* attendance  (jmrodri, 15:01:09)
  * We updated the calendar invite to be correct, it was set to 2pm UTC
    which caused the meeting to be 9am ET. I updated it to be 3pm UTC
    (10am ET).  (jmrodri, 15:02:32)

* news  (jmrodri, 15:02:42)
  * no new news this week. The last release of bundle-lib was 0.2.15 and
    0.1.9 and the automation-broker build was 1.4.2-1.  (jmrodri,
    15:03:31)
  * We are looking at integrating prow into the ansible service broker
    repo  (jmrodri, 15:03:42)
  * a fair amount of work was done to create an ansible operator to
    install the broker in openshift 4.0  (jmrodri, 15:04:03)

* previous actions  (jmrodri, 15:04:57)
  * jmrodri take issue 1087 on broker side - Issue has been closed as oc
    cluster up is going away  (jmrodri, 15:06:49)
  * ernelson to look at minishift issue against broker (1076) - Issue
    closed as it was deemed a temporary issue.  (jmrodri, 15:07:38)
  * dymurray look into issue 1071 - Issue closed, fixed in latest
    release of apb tool  (jmrodri, 15:08:15)
  * jmrodri write up proposal for rate limiter feature - NO CHANGE,
    still TBD  (jmrodri, 15:08:41)

* bugs and triage  (jmrodri, 15:08:54)
  * no new issues against the bundle-lib project to triage  (jmrodri,
    15:09:05)
  * ansible service broker has 13 issues aligned to release-1.4
    (jmrodri, 15:09:33)
  * LINK:
    https://github.com/openshift/ansible-service-broker/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%223.12+%7C+release-1.4%22
    (jmrodri, 15:09:35)
  * LINK:
    https://github.com/openshift/ansible-service-broker/issues?q=is%3Aissue+label%3Ahas-bugzilla+is%3Aclosed
    (jmrodri, 15:10:34)

* features  (jmrodri, 15:11:36)
  * nothing to discuss on the agenda  (jmrodri, 15:11:43)

* open discussion  (jmrodri, 15:11:53)
  * nothing to discuss on the agenda  (jmrodri, 15:11:58)
  * Forgot to mention asbcli has been removed from the repo. \o/ there
    was a security vulnerability found in one of the libraries. since
    the code was no longer maintained we deemed it reasonable to simply
    remove.  (jmrodri, 15:12:57)

Meeting ended at 15:13:17 UTC.




Action Items
------------





Action Items, by person
-----------------------
* **UNASSIGNED**
  * (none)




People Present (lines said)
---------------------------
* jmrodri (29)
* brokerbot (25)
* jmontleon (1)




Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4

.. _`MeetBot`: http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot
